net: tls: Add support for retreiving certificate expiry from the nRF Modem (#29909)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Updated the library to always use the chosen ``zephyr,wifi`` node instead of ``ncs,location-wifi`` to find the used Wi-Fi device.

* :ref:`modem_key_mgmt` library:

  * Added:

>     * The :c:func:`modem_key_mgmt_certexpiry` function that would retrieve the expiry date of a credential from the modem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added the :c:func:`modem_key_mgmt_certexpiry` function that retrieves the expiry date of a credential from the modem.
```

Libraries for networking
------------------------

* Added :ref:`TLS Credentials Subsystem <zephyr:sockets_tls_credentials_subsys>` support for TLS credential expiry retrieval when using the modem as TLS credentials storage.

> |no_changes_yet_note|

Reviewer 2: could be removed.

Libraries for networking
------------------------

* Added:

>   * :ref:`TLS Credentials Subsystem <zephyr:sockets_tls_credentials_subsys>` support for TLS credential expiry retrieval when using the modem as TLS credentials storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added :ref:`TLS Credentials Subsystem <zephyr:sockets_tls_credentials_subsys>` support for TLS credential expiry retrieval when using the modem as TLS credentials storage.
```
